V11: Update LogViewer docs (#4519)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Backoffice/LogViewer/index.md

### Create your own implementation
To do this we can implement a base class `SerilogLogViewerSourceBase` from `Umbraco.Cms.Core.Logging.Viewer` like so.

> *Note:* This uses the `Azure.Data.Tables` nuget package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
This uses the `Azure.Data.Tables` NuGet package.
:::
```

        var requiredEntities = skip + take;
        IEnumerable<AzureTableLogEntity> results = client.Query<AzureTableLogEntity>().Take(requiredEntities);

        return results
            .Skip(skip)
            .Take(take)
            .Select(x => LogEventReader.ReadFromString(x.Data))
            .Where(filter.TakeLogEvent)
            .ToList();
    }

    public override IReadOnlyList<SavedLogSearch>? GetSavedSearches()
    {
        //TODO: Fetch from Azure Table
        return base.GetSavedSearches();
    }

    public override IReadOnlyList<SavedLogSearch>? AddSavedSearch(string? name, string? query)
    {
        //TODO: Add to Azure Table
        return base.AddSavedSearch(name, query);
    }

    public override IReadOnlyList<SavedLogSearch>? DeleteSavedSearch(string? name, string? query)
    {
        //TODO: Remove from Azure Table
        return base.DeleteSavedSearch(name, query);
    }
}

public class AzureTableLogEntity : LogEventEntity, ITableEntity
{
    public DateTimeOffset? Timestamp { get; set; }

    public ETag ETag { get; set; }
}
```

> Do note that we have to implement our own version of a `LogEventEntity` this is beacuse the `TableClient` needs whatever it's fetching to implement the `ITableEntity` interface.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that we have to implement our own version of a `LogEventEntity`. This is because the `TableClient` needs whatever it is fetching to implement the `ITableEntity` interface.  
```

### Register implementation

> Umbraco needs to be made aware that there is a new implementation of an `ILogViewer` to register and replace the default JSON LogViewer that we ship in the core of Umbraco.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Umbraco needs to be made aware that there is a new implementation of an `ILogViewer` to register. We also need to replace the default JSON LogViewer that we ship in the core of Umbraco.
```

    public override bool CheckCanOpenLogs(LogTimePeriod logTimePeriod) => throw new NotImplementedException();

    protected override IReadOnlyList<LogEvent> GetLogs(LogTimePeriod logTimePeriod, ILogFilter filter, int skip, int take)
    {
        var client =
            new TableClient(
                "DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=ACCOUNT_NAME;AccountKey=KEY;EndpointSuffix=core.windows.net",
                "Logs");

        // Table storage does not support skip, only take, so the best we can do is to not fetch more entities than we need in total.
        // See: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/writing-linq-queries-against-the-table-service#returning-the-top-n-entities for more info.
        var requiredEntities = skip + take;
        IEnumerable<AzureTableLogEntity> results = client.Query<AzureTableLogEntity>().Take(requiredEntities);

        return results
            .Skip(skip)
            .Take(take)
            .Select(x => LogEventReader.ReadFromString(x.Data))
            .Where(filter.TakeLogEvent)
            .ToList();
    }

    public override IReadOnlyList<SavedLogSearch>? GetSavedSearches()
    {

>         //TODO: Fetch from Azure Table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Optional: If you want to store saved searches in the Azure Table Storage, implement here a method to fetch from the Azure Table.
```

        return base.GetSavedSearches();
    }

    public override IReadOnlyList<SavedLogSearch>? AddSavedSearch(string? name, string? query)
    {

>         //TODO: Add to Azure Table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        //Optional: If you want to store saved searches in the Azure Table Storage, implement here a method to add to the Azure Table.
```

        return base.AddSavedSearch(name, query);
    }

    public override IReadOnlyList<SavedLogSearch>? DeleteSavedSearch(string? name, string? query)
    {

>         //TODO: Remove from Azure Table

Reviewer: //Optional: If you want to store saved searches in the Azure Table Storage, implement here a method to remove from the Azure Table.
